Tidy changelog (#755)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> <h4>New and improved simulators</h4>

Reviewer: I know it's a separate repo, but we should add pennylane.lightning here

Author: Good idea!

  See the `default.qubit.autograd` documentation for more details.

> * A new experimental high-performance C++ statevector device is now available, `lightning.qubit`. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new experimental C++ statevector device is now available, `lightning.qubit`. It
```

Reviewer: Makes me think of HPC

>   See the `default.qubit.autograd` documentation for more details.

Reviewer: provide link here, rather than "code" text

> * A new experimental C++ statevector device is now available, `lightning.qubit`. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new experimental C++ state-vector simulator device is now available, `lightning.qubit`. It
```

  See the `default.qubit.autograd` documentation for more details.

<h4>New algorithms and templates</h4>

* Added built-in QAOA functionality via the new `qml.qaoa` module.
  [(#712)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/712)
  [(#718)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/718)
  [(#741)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/741)
  [(#720)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/720)

  ```pycon
  >>> graph = nx.Graph([(0, 1), (1, 2)])
  >>> cost_h, mixer_h = qml.qaoa.maxcut(graph)

>   ```

Author: I think an extended example should go here. I was having a look in the docstrings, and there is no 'complete' QAOA example anywhere. A good place to put it would be the QAOA module page: https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code/qml_qaoa.html

Reviewer: Perhaps @Lucaman99 can help with this?

Reviewer 2: @co9olguy For sure, I'll add this today

Author: I've added in your example @Lucaman99!

Reviewer 2: Awesome, thank you @josh146!

  This includes the following features:

  * New `qml.qaoa.x_mixer` and `qml.qaoa.xy_mixer` functions for defining Pauli-X and XY
    mixer Hamiltonians.

  * MaxCut: The `qml.qaoa.maxcut` function allows easy construction of the cost Hamiltonian
    and recommended mixer Hamiltonian for solving the MaxCut problem for a supplied graph.

  * Layers: `qml.qaoa.cost_layer` and `qml.qaoa.mixer_layer` take cost and mixer
    Hamiltonians, respectively, and apply the corresponding QAOA cost and mixer layers
    to the quantum circuit

* Added an `ApproxTimeEvolution` template to the PennyLane templates module, which
  can be used to implement Trotterized time-evolution under a Hamiltonian.
  [(#710)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/pennylane/pull/710)

* Added a `qml.layer` template-constructing function, which takes a unitary, and
  repeatedly applies it on a set of wires to a given depth.

>   [(#723)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/723)

Author: Should add small example and/or diagram here!

Reviewer 2: @josh146 Sorry, I forgot to address this point yesterday, what exactly did you have in mind for a diagram/example?

Reviewer 2: Maybe just showing the circuit output when layering a basic sequence of gates?

Reviewer: Yep, sound great!

    Hamiltonians, respectively, and apply the corresponding QAOA cost and mixer layers
    to the quantum circuit

  For example, using PennyLane to construct and solve a MaxCut problem with QAOA:

  ```python
  wires = range(3)
  graph = Graph([(0, 1), (1, 2), (2, 0)])
  cost_h, mixer_h = qaoa.maxcut(graph)

  def qaoa_layer(gamma, alpha):
      qaoa.cost_layer(gamma, cost_h)
      qaoa.mixer_layer(alpha, mixer_h)

>   def antatz(params, **kwargs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  def ansatz(params):
```

Author: Unfortunately this is requirement as @Lucaman99 pointed out. We have on our todo list to refactor the `map` function to remove this signature requirement.

      for w in wires:
          qml.Hadamard(wires=w)

>       # layer the QAOA ansatz 2 times

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # repeat the QAOA layer two times
```
:grinning:

Author: lol I know it sounded awkward, but I was deliberately trying to use 'layer' as a verb as `qml.repeat` vs. `qml.layer` is still fresh in my head.

`qml.layer` in the line below sounded to me like you're _making_ a layer, not that you are 'layering' an existing layer

      qml.layer(qaoa_layer, 2, params[0], params[1])

  dev = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=len(wires))

>   cost_function = qml.VQECost(antatz, cost_h, dev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cost_function = qml.VQECost(ansatz, cost_h, dev)
```

  >>> coeffs, obs_list = decompose_hamiltonian(A)
  ```

<h4>New device features</h4>

* It is now possible to specify custom wire labels, such as `['anc1', 'anc2', 0, 1, 3]`, where the labels
  can be strings or numbers.

>   [(#666)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/pennylane/pull/666)

Reviewer: :smiling_imp:

>   Custom wire labels are defined by passing a list to the wires argument when creating the device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Custom wire labels are defined by passing a list to the ``wires`` argument when creating the device:
```

  ```pycon
  >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=['anc1', 'anc2', 0, 1, 3])
  ```

>   The quantum operations are now called with the custom wire labels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Quantum operations should then be called with the custom wire labels:
```

  ``` pycon
  >>> @qml.qnode(dev)
  >>> def circuit():
  ...    qml.Hadamard(wires='anc2')
  ...    qml.CNOT(wires=['anc1', 3])
  ...    ...
  ```

  The existing behaviour, in which the number of wires is specified on device initialization,

>   continues to work as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  continues to work as usual. This gives a default behaviour where wire are labelled by consecutive integers
```

This release contains contributions from (in alphabetical order):

> Juan Miguel Arazzola, Jack Ceroni, Josh Izaac, Nathan Killoran, Maria Schuld, Antal Száva, Nicola Vitucci

Reviewer: :sweat_smile: made it in

Reviewer: Anyone who did code review who should be included? Tom, for instance

Author: Perfect :+1: Was going to leave a comment here asking who else was missing. Theo as well, and Alain.

> 

Reviewer: ^---- this is inaccurate, since we haven't changed how QNode queuing works yet

Author: Will remove! Good catch
